
  Date: 11/11/15 * Hx tonsil * Prcryosurg ablation of prostate encounter ( Vis Medication (Office Visit) with si * (ENOXAPRI IN) 40 by Subcutaneous route 2 times daily. met - XL. (TOPROL XL) 25 MG take 25 mg by mouth Daily. * HYDROmorphone HCI 1 mg by Does famotidine (PEPCID) 20 MG tablet : take 20 mg i mg by mouth 2 times ily, amiod (PACERONE) 200 MG take 200 mg by mouth Daily. fi acid warfarin (COUMADIN) 7.5 MG tablet take 1 Tab by mouth Daily. for blood thinner No Known Allargies Family History Relation ype it Brother “90 of Onset * Cancer Brother Diabetes Type 1! * Heart Attack * Diabetes Type i1 Sister Socia! History Occupational History * Noton file. Social History Main Topics Smoking status: Never Smoker * Smokeless tobacco: Never Used + Alcohol Use: Yes 2 drinks per year * Drug Use: No + Sexually Active: Not on file Review of Systems Constitutional: Positive for appetite change and fatigue. Negative for fever. Respiratory: Negative for cough, wheezing and shortness of breath. Cardiovascular: Negative for chest pain. Gastrointestinal: Positive for abdominal pain and constipation (due to his pain medication.). Negative for diarrhea, rectal bleeding and blood in stool. Genitourinary: Negative for hematuria. Neurological: Positive for dizziness and weakness, BP 120/70 | Ht 5' 10" (1.778 m) | Wt 184 Ib (83.462 kg) | BMI 26.40 kg/m2 Constitutional: He oriented to person, place, and time. He appears well-developed and well-nourished. HENT: : Normocephalic and atraumatic. are normal. Pupils are equal, round, and reactive to light. ion. Carotid bruit is not present. Normal rate, normal heart sounds and normal pulses. An Irregular rhythm present. a noted Effort normal and breath sounds normal. inal; Soft. He is alert and oriented to person, place, and time. Skin: Skin is warm and dry. There is pailor. COC
  1. Bladder (696.6K) 2. Long term current use Of anticoagutant 3. 4. DM neuro manit type Hi, 5. Nephritis 6. Prostate cancer 7. PROTIME-INR, PR COLLECTION VENOUS PROTIME-INR GAMMA GT, HEPATIC FUNCTION PANEL, LIPID PANEL BASIC METABOLIC PANEL, CBC AND HEMOGLOBIN AIC PSA
11/11/15 Reason for Visit Hospitalization Followup irregular Heart Beat Prostate Cancer Proaress Notes   Subjective: Chief Complaint: Hospitalization, Irregular Heart Beat and Prostate Cancer HPI. HP! Comments: Patient is seen in follow-up hospitalization from . He presented to the emergency department and was in atrial fibrillation, as well as septic shock with low biood pressure due to sepsis. Patient had had cryotherapy of prostate for prostate cancer and apparently developed several abscesses of the bladder and had a of the bladder. He developed peritonitis from this. He now has a suprapubic catheter and is being followed by He is on coumadin and amiodarone for his atrial fibrillation, which he has not had any current symptoms. He was in the hospital for several weeks and then was in a subacute rehab facility. He still is on lovenox injections apparently due to his coumadin being subtherapeutic. He is still weak and has a low appetite, but seems to be improving. is a(n) 9. male presenting with Hospitalization, Heart Beat and Prostate Cancer. The history is provided by the patient and a friend. Hospitalization Episode onset iast couple of months. Associated symptoms include abdominal pain and constipation (due to his pain medication.). Pertinent negatives include no chest Pain, no shortness of breath and no Heart Beat: This is a new problem. Onset occurred within the last 6 months (3 months ago). He is currently asymptomatic. Classification: Atrial fibrillation (A-fib). Primary symptoms include weakness and fatigue. Patient negative for palpitations, syncope, irregular heartbeat, shortness of breath, chest pain and chest pressure. Progression of this problem is unchanged. reports that his symptoms are constant. Previous pharmacological treatments include Amiodarone and warfarin. identifiable causes for his iliness include stress. Pi Present symptoms negative for hematuria. Past Medical History Diagnosis + DM renal manif type uncontrolled DM eye manif type II, uncontrolled + DM neuro manif type uncontrolled Nephritis NOS in other disease * Background diabetic retinopathy * Polyneuropathy in diabetes Unspecified vitamin D deficiency Nephritis NOS in other disease Unspecified disease of nail Malignant neoplasm of prostate Intervertebral lumbar disc disorder + Lumbago ¢ Unspecified disorder of bladder Past Surgical History Procedure Date
  Admission Date: 11/05/15 ADMISSION DIAGNOSIS Bladder rupture. CONSULTANTS Pailiative care. PROCEDURES 1. Limited CT of the abdomen showing resolution of bilateral pleural effusions with removal of pleural drains. 2. CT abdomen and pelvis showing Improvement of air space disease and pleural fluid improvement of flank edema and retroperitoneal fluid collection showing less density and is minimally smaller in size. Foley catheter and percutaneous drains are stable. CONDITION ON DISCHARGE Stabie. HOSPITAL COURSE This is a . . year-old maie with a history of prostate cancer status post cryotherapy x2. He presented initially with increasing abdominal pain, nausea and decreased urine output. He was ultimately found to be in acute respiratory failure with rapid atrial fibrillation and was admitted to the ICU. He was found on CT to have emphysematous changes in his bladder and likely an abscess adjacent to it. It was determined that it was likely that he had a ruptured bladder. Percutaneous nephrostomy tube was initially planned, however, the patient developed hypotension and anemia and was found to have a large retroperitoneal bleed displacing the kidney. He underwent
hemodialysis when he developed acute renal failure. in lieu of nephrostomy tube, he had suprapubic catheter placed, Foley catheter and a drain in the pericystic area to allow bladder decompression. He was subsequently transferred here to our facility for further drain management. His drains continued to drain well. His bilateral chest tubes were maintained. His volume overload was treated with diuretics. Follow-up CT was obtained with results as noted above. His pleural drains were subsequently removed. He completed 14 days of Flagyl. He was seen by physical therapy and nutrition therapy. Ail of his bladder drainage remained stable. He had some difficulty with insomnia. Palliative care was involved with this. This has been a problem for a long time prior to his hospital stay. We did not find an acceptable regimen for his insomnia despite multiple efforts with Ambien, temazepam, and trazodone. Ultimately, his significant other requested that he not be over-medicated and requested that we stop his sedatives. His Corpak was ultimately removed, and he had reasonable p.o. intake. |. spoke with Dr. on the day prior to | reviewed the progress. We checked urine creatinine on all of his drains. Ail of them had creatinine values in the 40s and 50s suggesting this was continued drainage of urine in ail of his catheters. Aurine culture was obtained. He did have significant white cells in his urine, and his urine grew serratia. It was unsure whether this was colonization or true infection, .His sugars remained stable during his stay here on his insulin regimen. The facility was contacted for further rehab. . will be accepting the patient for continued drain care. He will be having followup ~ | on Monday 1 spoke with interventional radiology. They do not have any further plans for catheter manipulation until seen ~ DISCHARGE DIAGNOSES 1. Bladder rupture. 2. Prostate, carcinoma. 3. Positive Clostridium difficile status post 14 days metronidazole. 4. Paroxysmal atrial fibrillation not anticoagulated 5, Large retroperitoneal hematoma status post embolization. 6. Volume overioad, resolved. 7. Hypertension, weil controlled. 8. Bilateral pleural effusions status post drains. 9. Diabetes mellitus type 2, 10. Protein calorie malnutrition. 11. Deconditioning. 12. Shock septic dueto above with intensive care unit stay. 13.CKD with acute renal failure secondary to above requiring short episode of hemodialysis DISCHARGE MEDICATIONS 1. Tylenol as needed. 2. Amiodarone 200 mg daily. 3. Bisacodyl 5 mg daily p.r.n. constipation. 4. Calcium carbonate 500 mg 3 times daily. 5. Capacol lozenges 1 p.o. q.2 hours p.r.n. sore throat. 8. Colace 100 mg twice daily, hold for loose stools. 7. Enoxaparin 40 mg subcu daily. 8. Pepcid 20 mg daily. 9. Dilaudid 1 mg q.3 hours p.r.n. pain, Prescription written #24. 10. Lantus 20 units subcu q.h.s. with low-dose corrective insulin regimen.
11. Lorazepam 0.5 mg a.m., 1 mg p.m. 12. Toprol-XL 26 mg daily. 13. Niacin 500 mg daily. 14. Polyethylene glycol 17 mg every other 15. Pravastatin 80 mg q.h.s. oy DISCHARGE INSTRUCTIONS Followup as noted will be with . on Monday Interventional radiology will be following up depending on further recommendations. Glucose checks q.a.c. and q-h.s. Diet will be diabetic liberal heart healthy with Glucerna shakes 3 times daily with meals. Activity will be up with assist. Continue daily efforts with physical therapy, occupational therapy. Wound care for details please see wound care recommendations section of transfer summary. Calt for any other problems with his bladder drains. He will be seen at the accepting facility for his routine medical issues, Lid : Never Reviewed Codes Priority Class     Hyperlipidemia 272.4 DM Renal Manif Type II, Uncontrolled 250.42 OM Eye Manif Type It, Uncontrolled 250.52 DM Neuro Manif Type Il, Uncontrolled 250.62 NOS In Other Disease “683.81 Background Diabetic Retinopathy 362.01 Polyneuropathy in Diabetes _ 357.2 Derm: hytosis of nail, 110.1 Hypoglycemia, unspecified 251.2 Prostate cancer 185 Essential hypertension, benign 401.1 Other vitamin B12 anemia 281.1 Unspecified vitamin D _ 268.9 Organic Insomnia, unspecified 327.00     ~     I
